hey everyone what's up i'd like to
welcome you to my secondary youtube
channel called bomb block HQ and you're
probably wondering what this channel is
for i want to turn this channel into a
community channel with stuart explainer
e guides competitions submission /
request videos events commentaries live
streams of topics i have a lot of ideas
for this channel but eventually you guys
will be the one watching so I'll have to
let you guys decide what of the ideas
you like and those will be used mostly
in this channel so there's a view
options on screen which you can choose
from the ideas I have for this channel
is too short explainer e guides for
example the fastest lap on agility the
fastest lap on getting stuff or money
making something like that some
competitions for example guide making
editing decaying fits trolling feeds you
name it your name it submission videos
for example epic training spots or or
let's say we're going to make
competition videos or just videos
everyone wants to check out and you can
send them to me so i'll be reviewing
them perhaps you also want to cpk
commentaries for me doing hybriding or
multi peaking team p KH PK yeah whatever
got was tension commentaries for example
soloing balls or with a team doing a
boss and then you guys can watch and
perhaps have a laugh about it live
streams doing mini-games events quests
began God words trolling with you guys
events masses dungeoneering trolling
comedy videos multiple youtuber videos
for example doing a video with some
other youtuber which you guys like so
for example made it make a commentary
with them or a duo PK commentary a
refill commentary with your own weekly
or perhaps daily chance of getting known
by submitting your guides videos clips
or whatever to this YouTube channel of
topics for example Rap Battles RL videos
prank calls obviously I'm going to do
something stuff more than others but
it's just ideas to the videos you can be
expecting on this channel
so if you don't like the idea is you can
just leave a comment and say now I don't
do that sound don't if you want to see
that example you know what I mean and by
the way don't forget to subscribe to
this channel because i'll be making the
videos on this channel and obviously i'm
still going to use my main channel to
make normal videos guides etc so please
subscribe rate thumbs up comment fault
for what you want and thanks for
watching guys